Reference:
https://www.javaguides.net/2018/06/spring-framework-overview.html

Spring is an Integration Framework for developing Enterprise Applications easily.
Spring is an Open Source framework, developed by Rod Johnson.

Spring framework 
	Simplifies the complexity of enterprise applications 
	Uses Java beans to implement enterprise applications 
		previously possible only with enterprise beans.

The Spring Framework is a Java platform 
	Provides comprehensive infrastructure support for developing Java applications. 
	Spring handles the infrastructure so application developer can focus on your application.

As an application developer how can I benefit from the Spring platform:
	Make a Java method execute in a database transaction without having to deal with transaction APIs.
	Make a local Java method an HTTP endpoint without having to deal with the Servlet API.
	Make a local Java method a message handler without having to deal with the JMS API.
	Make a local Java method a management operation without having to deal with the JMX API.
	
	
Goals of Spring
	Lightweight development with POJO's
	Dependency injection 
		promote loose coupling
	Declarative programming with AOP (Aspect orieiented programming)
	Miniminze boilerplate Java code.
	

Advantages of Spring Framework: 
	1. Ease Enterprise application development: 
		Support Enterprise application development through POJOs:  
	2. Easily integrate with other frameworks:
	3. Ease application Testing:  
		Spring services can be used to develop and run test 
			makes testing much easier.
	4. Modularity: 
		Many in-built modules such as 
			Spring MVC, 
			Spring ORM, 
			Spring JDBC, 
			Spring Transactions etc
	5. Spring Transaction Management: 
		Flexible Spring Transaction Management 
			scaled to JTA for global transactions.
		
Spring Modules Overview
	Refer to the image: https://www.javaguides.net/2018/06/spring-framework-overview.html
	Core Container
	The Core Container consists of the
		spring-core
		spring-beans
		spring-context, 
		spring-context-support
		spring-expression (Spring Expression Language)
		
		spring-core and spring-beans 
			Fundamental parts of the framework
			IoC and Dependency Injection features.
		The Context (spring-context) module 
			Built on Core and Beans modules: 
			Access objects in JNDI like manner .
		spring-context-support 
			Helps integrate common third-party libraries into a Spring application context
				Caching (EhCache, JCache) 
				Scheduling (CommonJ, Quartz).
		Spring-expression 
			Expression Language support for querying and manipulating an object graph at runtime. 
			Extension of the unified expression language (unified EL) 
				specified in the JSP 2.1 specification.
				
	2. Spring AOP Module
		Spring AOP separates business logic from system services 
		e.g.
			logging, 
			Transaction management, 
			Persistence, 
			Application resources(e.g: connection pooling). 
		An AOP Alliance-compliant aspect-oriented programming implementation 
		Allows us to define, for example, method-interceptors and pointcuts to cleanly decouple code that implements functionality that should be separated
		The separate spring-aspects module provides integration with AspectJ.
		
		Consists of spring-web, spring-webmvc and spring-websocket
		spring-webmvc
			mvc implementation
			REST Web Services implementation for web applications. 
			Clean separation between domain model code and web forms 
			Integrates with all of the other features of the Spring Framework.
		
		spring-web 
			Basic web-oriented integration 
			e.g. multipart file upload functionality 
			Initialization of	
				IoC container using Servlet listeners and 
				web-oriented application context. 
				Contains an HTTP client and web-related parts of Spring’s remoting support.

	Data Access/Integration layer 
		Supports 
			JDBC (spring-jdbc) modules
				JDBC-abstraction layer 
				Ease JDBC coding 
				Parsing of database-vendor specific error codes
			ORM (spring-orm) 
				Integration layers for popular object-relational mapping APIs, 
					including JPA and Hibernate. 
				Support like 
					O/R-mapping frameworks in combination 
					Simple declarative transaction management etc.
			OXM (spring-oxm) 
				supports Object/XML mapping implementations like 
					JAXB, Castor, JiBX and XStream
			JMS (spring-jms) module 
				(Java Messaging Service) contains features for producing and consuming messages
			Transaction (spring-tx) modules.
				Programmatic and declarative transaction management
			Since 4.1 support integration with spring-messaging module
		
	3. Messaging (spring-messaging) module
			Core abstractions from the Spring Integration project like 
				Message, 
				MessageChannel, 
				MessageHandler
				others to serve as a foundation for messaging-based applications. 
			The module also includes a set of annotations for mapping messages to methods, similar to the Spring MVC annotation based programming model.
				
